# Above The Clouds

1. When I first read this question my mind went to the general public using it as a utility. Since I had very minimal knowledge about Cloud computing it really surprised me how many services and companies were already using Cloud computing in such a major way. In terms of network the line from the paper mentioning how Google as a search engine has basically became equivalent to the internet. I myself always go to Google if I ever think that my internet is down because in my mind Google is always available if I am properly connected to the internet. Much like how a corporation has different needs for water than I do in my apartment; a small business startup doesn't require the same things from Cloud computing compared to Amazon. The indivuduality of what Cloud computing is able to offer to suite the needs of every user and only charge them for what they are using is what, in my eyes, is the reason why Cloud computing is so popular and widespread today. 
2. From the software engineering perspective one analogy to utility that I thought of was for farming. A farmer at the "top level" has to deal with watering his plants abd making sure any machines they are using are powered and working, but what they don't have to worry about is how they get the water or electricity. Sure they need to communicate with the city to make sure those utilities are being sent to them, but after setup they just use it how they see fit. It is similar to setting up like a small business site. On the "top level" I am in charge of creating the website, how customers will use my site. Hosting my site on the Cloud takes alot of the complexity and setup out of hosting a site, creating database, buying the physical machine, and continued maintenance. All it requires that initial setup to make that entire process much simpler for an engineer. One example where I don't see as being a pure utility is in the optimization of using the Cloud. Because there currently is no one true Cloud proivider that everyone goes to from an engineers view it could not be a utility. If you were required to best optimize cost for running intensive programs for instance I would do what was suggested and does the cost/benefit analysis on whether or not to use cloud and then which cloud if yes. And since the field of Cloud computing and hardware as well is still changing at such a rapid rate I would want to be somewhat frequently doing that analysis over and over again making sure that there isn't some new Cloud provider that maybe could better suite our needs. This changing landscape could take away from it being a "pure utility" because from my view once water and energy are setup you never have to think about them again, but to make sure as an engineer I am utilizing the Cloud as best I can for my business I would continue to think if I am using what is best for me.
