# CloudNativeSoftwareEngineeringLandscape

1. I found the thought of architectural design from the paper to be the most interesting. When considering what my companies needs are from Cloud services I see that there are many things I now have to take into consideration. First the type of container that best fits for our service. We have a big need for scalability with high peak usage during different times of the week so using a Kubernetes container sounds like it would be a good fit. Kubernetes will also allow for diagnosing any failures detected within our service. I need to investigate if there is a way to leverage the now Edge Computing that can be done on smart phones themselves to lessen the burden on our services, especially during peak user hours. When selecting a Cloud Service Provider I will also need to take into account the different Regions that are covered by the provider and how to best leverage the data centers location best. It will also be important to address the organizational change that might be necessary to properly to support the development and maintenance of a Cloud Native Service.

### Optional: 
I really liked how you brought up that the changes you think are best for learning institutions. How if we really what knowledge and understanding of Cloud services to keep growing we should be starting in college/universities teaching Software Engineering principles and how Cloud services should now be apart of that subject as a whole. It was also a little comical since I learned most everything about Cloud from your class that while I was reading the paper some lines were almost 1-for-1 of what you have said in class.
